---
layout: post
title: Showers 1.5
date: '2016-06-10 00:47:14'
tags:
- ios
- app-development
---

It’s been a while since I’ve published updates to any of my personal apps (side projects). I’ve finally done it. [Showers 1.5](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/showers-white-noise-generator/id842747465?ls=1&mt=8) has shipped. Yay!

## What’s Changed?

The most notable change is the removal of the Apple Watch app. I never used it. I don’t think anyone else did either. If I don’t use something in the app and I don’t suspect (or know) others aren’t using it either, I’ll remove it. This is one of those cases.

I’ve fixed a few crashing issues around the Menu/Settings screen. This was a total miss on my part. The crashes have been happening for a while, I just hadn’t noticed them until recently.

I’ve (re)added [Fabric](https://fabric.io/) ([Crashlytics](https://fabric.io/kits/ios/crashlytics)) support. See the paragraph above, that should be explanation enough. If the app is crashing, I should know about it and fix it. This change will help here.

There was also an issue with the sleep timer. It should be fixed now. The sleep timer should act like you expect it to.

Internally, I’ve updated the Swift code to Swift 2.2. I’ve also done a number of minor refactoring and code cleanup. But that’s really to be expected when I make changes like this.

## What’s Next?

I don’t have any large features planned. I’d like to continue supporting Showers because I really like it. I’d like to add more thunder sounds, but outside of that, not much. Maybe something at [WWDC](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc/) this year will change that.

Please enjoy the app and the update. I hope to have more updates to announce very soon.

