---
layout: post
title: Is the Disney Magic Dying?
date: '2022-11-05 23:28:19'
---

On Thursday, [Kevin Wong](https://kotaku.com/author/kevinjameswong) (of Kotaku) posted an article called: "[As Profits Soar, The Disneyland And Disney World Magic Is Dying](https://kotaku.com/disneyland-world-cheapest-price-time-ticket-prices-fast-1849733205)". The article details how prices at Disney World and Disneyland are increasing, and the quality of the experience is declining.

I agree with Kevin Wong's assessment.

I love Disney. I love Disney World. I love going to Disney World. Disney is one of the few brands that I thought could do no wrong. Maybe they can.

We were in Disney World this [past January](/2022/03/15/walt-disney-world/). Our time in Disney World was more expensive than ever before. I was really shocked by how expensive things have gotten there. I felt like was being nickel-and-dimed for everything.

I also wasn't thrilled with the overall experience in the parks. The food wasn't as good as it used to be. The lines for food and drinks were _really_ long. The new method for fast passes was irritating. And no souvenir mugs in the parks! I had a lot of (paper cut type) complaints.

The problem is that the park was packed. So obviously people are willing to pay. They probably weren't happy about it, but people paid for it.

I really love Disney. If this trend continues, it may tarnish my opinion of Disney and Disney World.

Don't get me wrong. If I could go to Disney World again tomorrow, I would. But we may not travel back to Disney World for a while.

