---
layout: post
title: Hiking
date: '2022-11-19 18:56:59'
categories: [life, fitness]
---

I love hiking. I don't get to go as much as I would like. But I try to hike whenever possible.

Sometimes I'll even get my family to come with me. But I'm usually alone when I go. I do like it when they tag along. But I understand it's not their favorite activity.

When I go, I like to take a lot of photos. I don't know if any of them are good, but I enjoy looking at them later. The photo above is not mine, but [Dale Nibbe](https://unsplash.com/photos/6mU7uCAO64I)'s.

Most of my hiking has been in Pennsylvania. I've also gone on a few hikes in California. In the last year, I've tried to go for hikes wherever we happen to be on vacation. It's a great way to check out an area.

This year, I finally bought hiking boots. Previously, I've always used an old pair of sneakers. But I wanted something that was waterproof. Some of my hikes have been in muddy and wet areas. Wet socks are never fun.

I went for a hike today. It wasn't a long hike. I was out there for about an hour. I went on a trail that I've been on numerous times. So I know exactly where it goes and what I'll see. It was very cold out today, so the trail was empty.

I haven't gone for any overnight hikes. As much as I enjoy hiking, I hate camping in tents. Sleeping (or trying to) on the ground is the worst. I've had some bad experiences camping and would rather not do it again.

For now, I'm sticking to short(ish) hikes all shorter than a few hours.

